## Models in Code
Let’s look at an example of a blog post to see the structure of a Model class:

```python
from django.conf import settings
from django.db import models
from django.utils import timezone


class Post(models.Model):
    author = models.ForeignKey(User, on_delete=models.CASCADE)
    title = models.CharField(max_length=200)
    text = models.TextField()
    created_date = models.DateTimeField(default=timezone.now)
    published_date = models.DateTimeField(blank=True, null=True)
```

## Migrate the database

After we have defined the database using models, we can migrate the database. This lets Django do the heavy lifting of creating SQL tables that correspond to the models we just created.

```shell
python manage.py migrate
```

After this, we can register the changes to our application with the following command:

```shell
python manage.py makemigrations my_app
```

In the snippet above, my_app is our application name.

We then migrate the database one more time with the same first command:

```shell
python manage.py migrate
```

## Admin Interface
Generating admin sites for your staff or clients to add, change, and delete content is tedious work that doesn’t require much creativity. For that reason, Django entirely automates the creation of admin interfaces for models. This Admin interface is one of the key features of Django, since we can get a full admin interface automatically.

In order to use this convenient admin interface with the models, we need to register them to our application’s admin.py file. We can do this with the following code:

```python
from django.contrib import admin
from app.models import Blog, User
admin.site.register(Blog)
admin.site.register(User)
```

Let’s find out how to log in to the admin interface and then we can see what’s going in the models.

In order to fully use the database and the Admin, we will need to create a “superuser”.

We can do this with the following command:

```shell
python manage.py createsuperuser
```
