## Code Templates in Django

### Step 1: Create a templates directory
First, we will create a templates directory in the outermost first_project directory. Then, inside the templates directory, we will add another directory by the name of our application, called first_app, such that the hierarchy becomesfirst_project/templates/first_app/.

### Step 2: Tell Django where to find templates
As we saw in the previous lesson, we have to use the os module to feed path to the DIR key. First, we will open settings.py in our project’s directory. In settings.py, we will see a variable by the name of BASE_DIR. This variable basically builds the paths inside of the project. If we print the value of BASE_DIR, it will print out the project directory, which contains manage.py and application folders. We can use this BASE_DIR variable to refer to our new templates directory. In order to do this, add the following line below the BASE_DIR line:

```shell
TEMPLATE_DIR= os.path.join(BASE_DIR,"templates")
```
In the example above, the TEMPLATE_DIR variable holds the absolute path to the location of the templates folder inside of our project.

Now, scroll down, and we will see the TEMPLATES dictionary, in which we will see a key with the name of DIRS. Just pass the variable we created above, TEMPLATE_DIR, in the value of DIRS. Together, they will look like this:

```yaml
TEMPLATES = [
    {
        'BACKEND': 'django.template.backends.django.DjangoTemplates',
        'DIRS': [TEMPLATE_DIR,],
        'APP_DIRS': True,
        'OPTIONS': {
            'context_processors': [
                'django.template.context_processors.debug',
                'django.template.context_processors.request',
                'django.contrib.auth.context_processors.auth',
                'django.contrib.messages.context_processors.messages',
            ],
        },
    },
]
```
### Step 3: Create a template
Now, create a template inside the first_project/templates/first_app directory by the name of index.html. Our hierarchy thus becomes this: first_project/templates/first_app/index.html. Now, inside the index.html, put the skeleton code of HTML. Set the title to My First Application, and inside the body, add the header <h1>Hello this is index.html!</h1>.

### Step 4: Connect the template to our application
```python
from django.shortcuts import render
from django.http import HttpResponse

# Create your views here.

def index(request):
    my_dict = {'insert_me': "Hello I am from views.py!"}
    return render(request, 'first_app/index.html', context=my_dict)

def home(request):
    return HttpResponse("Welcome to home page!")

def educative(request):
    return HttpResponse("Welcome to Educative page!")
```
### Step5: Run the Server
python manage.py runserver



